Add description for LUB Coercion (#808)
rust-lang/reference: src/type-coercions.md

> has been stabilized, the traits themselves are not yet stable and therefore
> can't be used directly in stable Rust.

## Least upper bound coercions

*Least upper bound coercion* (LUB coercion) is the form of type coercion take
place when several expressions of possibly different types need be unified to a
single type. This happens in [match] arms, [if expressions] and [array literal
expressions]. In LUB coercion, the compiler tries to find the least upper
bound of given types.

For example:

```rust
# let (a, b, c) = (0, 1, 2);
let foo = if true {
    a
} else if false {
    b
} else {
    c
};

let bar = match 42 {
    0 => a,
    1 => b,
    _ => c,
};

let baz = [a, b, c];
```

In this example, both `foo` and `bar` have the type

> `LubCoerce(typeof(a), typeof(a), typeof(c))` and `baz` have the type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`LubCoerce(typeof(a), typeof(a), typeof(c))` and `baz` has the type
```

Author: Thanks!

`[LubCoerce(typeof(a), typeof(b), typeof(c)); 3]`.

LUB coercion is performed by the following algorithm:

> ```txt

Author: cc @ehuss

> Lub(a: Type, b: Type):

Reviewer 2: Hmm, the actual code seems to have a bit more of a "bias", i.e., it has a notion of "old and new", and ordering I think maybe *can* matter. I wonder if we can write this section with a bit less specificity -- let me check how the coercion section is written.

Author: @nikomatsakis  Thanks for reviewing. Does the "old and new" means the `prev_ty` and `new_ty` in the code? I think it's represented in this part:
```
LubCoerce(vars...):
  result = vars.get(0)
  for var in vars[1..]:
    result = Lub(result, var)
  return result
```
Where `result` represents the `prev_ty` and `var` represents the `new_ty`. If you mean other things with "old and new". Could you elaborate more?

But for the ordering, I re-thinked about it and found it do matters in some cases(some edge cases). I will remove the property 1 later.

  if a == (FnDef | Closure)
    && b == (FnDef | Closure)
    && a != capturing Closure
    && b != capturing Closure:
    return FnPtr

  // Coerce(x, y) returns true when x can be coerced to y by coercion described
  // in previous sections of this page.
  if Coerce(b, a):
    return a
  if Coerce(a, b):
    return b

  // LubCoerce failed
  emit type error

LubCoerce(vars...):
  result = vars.get(0)
  for var in vars[1..]:
    result = Lub(result, var)
  return result
```

LUB coercion has the following properties:

1. Order independent: e.g. `LubCoerce(ty0, ty1, ty2, ty3)` equals to
    `LubCoerce(ty1, ty0, ty4, ty3)`.
2. `LubCoerce(ty0, ty1, ty2, ...)` equals to
    `LubCoerce(LubCoerce(ty0, ty1), ty2, ...)`
3. `LubCoerce(ty0, ty1) == Some(ty2)` means both `ty0` and `ty1` can be coerced
    to `ty2`.

Note the feature No. 3, it uses the word "means" rather than "if and only if".
That's because currently if `ty0` and `ty1` can be coerced to `ty2` and

> unfortunately `ty2` equals to neither `ty0` nor `ty1`, there are only one

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
if `ty2` equals to neither `ty0` nor `ty1`, there is only one
```

special situation where we can get `LubCoerce(ty0, ty1) == Some(ty2)`:
`LubCoerce((FnDef | Closure), (FnDef | Closure)) == Some(FnPtr)` (where Closure

> is non-capturing). You can check it with the pseudo code.

Reviewer 3: I don't really know what this sentence is trying to say.

```suggestion
is non-capturing).
```

Author: Thanks! This sentence is not necessary though.

[`Unsize`]: ../std/marker/trait.Unsize.html
[`CoerceUnsized`]: ../std/ops/trait.CoerceUnsized.html

> ## LUB Coercion

Author: I'd like to explain it below though. Since a title needs to be simple.

> This is not in the RFC 401, but it's the behavior of current compiler. In LUB

Author: Yep! Added it at the top of the page.

> Coercion, we tried to find the least upper bound of given types. It can be

Author: Thanks! The words `array literal expression` is awesome!  
I reorganized the words and add links.  
Pseudo code is added.  
But the diverging check is actually done before `LubCoerce()` so `LubCoerce([])` only returns `None`.

observed in array collection, if-else/match arms.

For example:

> ```rust

Author: I'd like to leave the variables here since I'll add a example where these variables are annoted with types. But I changed the variable names to the classic combination `foo`, `bar` and `baz`.

> # let (A, B, C) = (0, 1, 2);

Author: Yep! Changed.

let emm = if true {
    A
} else if false {
    B
} else {
    C
};

let foo = match 42 {
    0 => A,
    1 => B,
    _ => C,
};

let bar = [A, B, C];
```
In this example, both `emm` and `foo` has type
`LubCoerce(typeof(A), typeof(B), typeof(C))` and `bar` has type
`[LubCoerce(typeof(A), typeof(B), typeof(C)); 3]`.

> LUB Coercion has some features:

Author: Thanks for reviewing! Pseudo code of the algorithm is added! The third one presents here is to point out that non-"if and only if" incase some people assume they always get `LubCoerce(ty0, ty1) == Some(ty2)` when `ty0` and `ty1` can be coerced to `ty2`. I am pretty sure about the second property is real though.

> LUB Coercion has some features:

Author: Thanks! Changed!

1. Order independent: e.g. `LubCoerce(ty0, ty1, ty2, ty3)` equals to
    `LubCoerce(ty1, ty0, ty4, ty3)`.
2. `LubCoerce(ty0, ty1, ty2, ...)` equals to
    `LubCoerce(LubCoerce(ty0, ty1), ty2, ...)`

> 4. `LubCoerce(ty0, ty1) == ty2` means both `ty0` and `ty1` can be coerced to

Author: I'm stupid. :D

LUB coercion is used and only used in the following situations:

+ To find the common type for a series of if branches.
+ To find the common type for a series of match arms.
+ To find the common type for array elements.
+ To find the type for block targeted by multiple breaks(including loop block).
+ To find the type for the return type of a closure with multiple return statements.
+ To check the type for the return type of a function with multiple return statements.

In each such case, there are a set of types `T0..Tn` to be mutually coerced
to some target type `T_t`, which is unknown to start. Computing the LUB
coercion is done iteratively. The target type `T_t` begins as the type `T0`.
For each new type `Ti`, we consider whether

+ If `Ti` can be coerced to the current target type `T_t`, then no change is made.
+ Otherwise, check whether `T_t` can be coerced to `Ti`; if so, the `T_t` is
changed to `Ti`. (This check is also conditioned on whether all of the source
expressions considered thus far have implicit coercions.)
+ If not, try to compute a mutual supertype of `T_t` and `Ti`, which will become the new target type.

### Examples:

```rust

> # #![feature(label_break_value)]

Author: Done!

## LUB Coercion

**This part is not specified in any RFC directly, but it's the compiler's
behavior.**

*Least upper bound coercion* (LUB coercion) is the type of coercion take place
when we want to unify several types. It can be observed in [match] arms,

> [if expressions] and [array literal expressions]. In LUB Coercion, the compiler

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
[if expressions] and [array literal expressions]. In LUB coercion, the compiler
```

[array literal expressions]:  expressions/array-expr.md

For example:

```rust
# let (a, b, c) = (0, 1, 2);
let foo = if true {
    a
} else if false {
    b
} else {
    c
};

let bar = match 42 {
    0 => a,
    1 => b,
    _ => c,
};

let baz = [a, b, c];
```
In this example, both `foo` and `bar` get the type
`LubCoerce(typeof(a), typeof(a), typeof(c))` and `baz` get the type
`[LubCoerce(typeof(a), typeof(b), typeof(c)); 3]`.

LUB coercion has the following properties:
1. Order independent: e.g. `LubCoerce(ty0, ty1, ty2, ty3)` equals to
    `LubCoerce(ty1, ty0, ty4, ty3)`.
2. `LubCoerce(ty0, ty1, ty2, ...)` equals to
    `LubCoerce(LubCoerce(ty0, ty1), ty2, ...)`
3. `LubCoerce(ty0, ty1) == Some(ty2)` means both `ty0` and `ty1` can be coerced to
    `ty2`.

Notice the feature No.3, it uses the word "means" rather than "if and only if".
That's because currently if `ty0` and `ty1` can be coerced to `ty2` and
unfortunately `ty2` equals to neither `ty0` nor `ty1`, there are only one
special situation where we can get `LubCoerce(ty0, ty1) == Some(ty2)`:
`LubCoerce((FnDef | Closure), (FnDef | Closure)) == Some(FnPtr)` (where Closure is
non-capturing).

> If the comments above confuses you, here is the pseudo code of `LubCoerce`

Author: Yep! I moved the algorithm upwards. And now it is placed below the LUB coercion example rather than above it. Because I think the reader may not want to know the alogrithm before seeing where it's used.
